1. 
Jade Plant
50
Crassula ovata, commonly known as jade plant, lucky plant, money plant or money tree, 
is a succulent plant with small pink or white flowers that is native to the KwaZulu-Natal 
and Eastern Cape provinces of South Africa, and Mozambique; it is common as a houseplant worldwide.

2.
Lily Bulbs
56
All lilies share a basic, elegant look that comprises large,
 brilliantly colored triangular petals that open wide and curl
 back to reveal delicate stamen in the center of the bloom.

3.
Calathea
125
Calathea is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Marantaceae. 
They are commonly called calatheas or prayer plants. 
About 200 species formerly assigned to Calathea are now in the genus Goeppertia. 
Calathea currently contains around 60 species.

4
Mayana
20
Coleus plants are also known as Mayana and the painted nettle with their bright colors,
 a wide variety of foliage colors, leaf shapes and forms are easy to grow and durable.
Many grow coleus as annual bedding plants or planted in pots to create dramatic,
 colorful borders in full sun, bright light, and some in part shade.

5.
Calla lily
37
Zantedeschia is a genus of eight species of herbaceous, perennial, 
flowering plants in the family Araceae, native to southern Africa from South Africa north to Malawi. 
The genus has been introduced on all continents except Antarctica. 

6.
Anthurium
35
Anthurium is a genus of about 1,000 species of flowering plants, the largest genus of the arum family,
 Araceae. General common names include anthurium, tailflower, flamingo flower, and laceleaf.

7.
Alocasia
59
Alocasia is a genus of broad-leaved, rhizomatous, or tuberous perennial flowering plants from the family Araceae.
 There are 97 accepted species native to tropical and subtropical Asia and Eastern Australia. 
Around the world, many growers widely cultivate a range of hybrids and cultivars.

8.
Marigold.
40
Alocasia is a genus of broad-leaved, rhizomatous, or tuberous perennial flowering plants from the family Araceae. 
There are 97 accepted species native to tropical and subtropical Asia and Eastern Australia. 
Around the world, many growers widely cultivate a range of hybrids and cultivars.















